# **Travel Agency System**
A website designed for the convenience of client travelling with the best tourist services across the world.

## Abstract 
The general concept of this web application is to ensure convenience for toursits by providing easier accessibilities and possible options while encouraging the clients to use the endorsed product, by offering simple and effective site navigation, discounts and so forth. The site not only allows the customer to purchase airway tickets but also offers various hotel reservations in the specific location that the user is planning to stay. This product is primarily intended for those who would like to visit a particular place and would like user-friendliness guidance to help settle in their desired trip location. Moreover, it would offer a lower cost while also accommodating and quickly responding to any difficulties the customer experiences during their visit.

## Product Scope
The purpose of this proposed web application is to ease flight management and to create a convenient and easyto-use application for users. The system is based on a relational database with its flight management and reservation functions. We will have a database server supporting hundreds of major cities around the world as well as thousands of flights by various airline companies. This system can prove to be immensely useful for travelers and travel agents with little to no management facilities. The system will be used to provide the necessary information about the available flights in that certain place where the user wants to travel for with the time and hotels pre-booking system. Requirements statements in this document are both functional and non-functional and, above all, the main purpose is to provide a comfortable user experience along with the best available pricing.
